Now that we have our actions as well as our reducers,
the next thing we want to bring over into our new React app is our middleware.
So, let's go ahead and make a new folder called middleware.
And inside of here, we are going to have three different files,
one for our logger middleware,
one for our checker middleware,
and then the last one is going to be an index.js file.
So, let's start with checker here.
So, let's go and grab our checker middleware,
which is right here.
And we want to paste that inside of checker.js.
You'll notice here, we are using a few different action types.
So, we can go ahead and grab ADD_TODO,
which is going to come from actions/todos.
And then we can grab ADD_GOAL,
which is going to come from actions/goals.
And then, as the default export from this file,
we want to export our checker function right here.
So, now, that looks good.
Let's go ahead and do something similar for our logger middleware.
So, we'll grab that, paste it over here.
This will be the default export.
And then now, if you'll remember again,
when we created our store,
what we had to do was we called Redux.applyMiddleware,
parsing it are thunk middleware or checker middleware and our logger middleware.
So, let's do that from our index.js file inside of our middleware folder.
So we can handle all of this,
specifically the invocation of applyMiddleware inside of here.
So, we don't have to do it eventually when we create our store.
So, let's grab checker,
which is going to come from./checker.
We want logger, which we just barely made.
And then we also want to import thunk,
which is going to come from the Redux-thunk package that we installed.
And finally, we want to import applyMiddleware,
which is coming from Redux.
So, now, as the default export,
we want to invoke applyMiddleware,
just says we're doing over here,
parsing it first thunk,
and then our checker middleware and then our logger middleware.